Scene 1- Superhero Interview
[first lines Disney and Pixar]
Mr. Incredible: (as he tries to pin a lapel mic on his suit) Is this on?
Interviewer: That’s fine.
Mr. Incredible: I can break through walls, I just can’t…
Interviewer: That’s fine.
Mr. Incredible: I can’t get this on.
Interviewer: So, Mr. Incredible… do you have a secret identity?
Mr. Incredible: Every superhero has a secret identity. I don’t know a single one who doesn’t. Who wants the pressure of being super all the time?
[Walt Disney Pictures Presents...]
Elastigirl: Of course I have a secret identity. Can you see me in this at the supermarket? Come on. Who’d want to go shopping as Elastigirl, y’know what I mean?
[A Pixar Animation Studios Film...]
Frozone: Super Ladies, they’re always trying to tell you their secret identity. Think it’ll strengthen the relationship or something like that. I said, "Girl, I don’t want to know about your mild-mannered alter ego." or anything like that. I mean, you tell me you’re a super-mega-ultra-lightning-babe, that’s all right with me. I’m good. I’m good.
Mr. Incredible: No matter how many times you save the world, it always manages to get back in jeopardy again. Sometimes I just want it to STAY SAVED, you know? For a little bit. I feel like the maid. I just cleaned up this mess. Can we keep it clean for ten minutes?!
Interviewer: (laughing) I could get to that point.
Mr. Incredible: Please? (He gets up and tries to leave.)
Interviewer: Wait, no, don’t get up yet. We’re not finished.
Mr. Incredible: Sometimes l think I’d just like the simple life, you know? Relax a little and raise a family.
Elastigirl: Settle down? Are you kidding? I’m at the top of my game! I’m right up there with the big dogs! Girls, come on. Leave the saving of the world to the men? I don’t think so! I don’t think so.
Scene 2- Mr. Incredible and Incrediboy
(The police are in a car chase and then the criminals start shooting their guns. Then, we see Bob driving to his wedding.)
Police Radio: We interrupt for an important bulletin. A deadly high-speed pursuit between police and armed gunmen is underway, traveling northbound on San Pablo Ave.
(Bob opens to his map and sees where the chase is.)
Bob: Yeah, I’ve got time.
(He puts his car in auto drive and puts on his supersuit. Then, his car changes into the Incredibile. He races down the road.)
Old Lady: Mr. Incredible. Um, Mr. Incredible…
(Mr. Incredible stops.)
Mr. Incredible: What is it, ma’am?
Old Lady: My cat, Squeaker, won’t come down.
(points to her cat in the tree)
Mr. Incredible: Certainly, ma’am but I suggest you stand clear. There could be trouble.
Old Lady: No, no. He’s quite tame.
(Mr. Incredible takes the tree out of the ground and shakes it. Mr. Incredible sees how close the criminals are to him)
Mr. Incredible: (muttering) Let go now!
(That cat finally falls off and the Old Lady catches him. Mr. Incredible then throws the tree onto the road and the criminals crash into it. After the criminals get arrested, he puts the tree back.)
Police Officer 1: Thank you, Mr. Incredible. You’ve done it again.
Police Officer 2: Yeah, you’re the best.
Mr. Incredible: No, I’m just here to help.
Police Radio: Attention all units. We have a tour bus robbery…
Mr. Incredible: Tour bus robbery. I’ve still got time. Officers. Ma’am. Squeaker.
(Mr. Incredible gets into his car.)
Incrediboy: Cool! Ready for take-off!
Mr. Incredible: What the…? Who are you supposed to be?
Incrediboy: Well, I’m lncrediBoy.
Mr. Incredible: What? No. You’re that kid from the fan club. (stammering.) Brophy. Brody. B-Buddy! Buddy!
Incrediboy: My name is lncrediBoy!
Mr. Incredible: Look, I’ve been nice, I’ve stood for photos, signed every scrap of paper you pushed at me but this is…
Incrediboy: No, no, no, you don’t have to worry about training me. I know all your moves, your crime fighting style, favorite catch phrases, everything! I’m your number one fan!
(Mr. Incredible kicks him out of the car and accelerates.)
Incrediboy: Hey! Hey, wait!
Scene 3- Stopping the Train
Mr. Incredible: You know...you can tell a lot about a woman by the contents of her purse, but maybe that’s not what you had in mind.
Thief: (points gun at him) Hey, look- (he gets knocked out by a hand.)
Mr. Incredible: Elastigirl.
Elastigirl: Mr. Incredible.
(Elastigirl picks the thief up.)
Mr. Incredible: No, it’s all right. I’ve got him.
Elastigirl: Sure, you’ve got him. I just took him out for you.
Mr. Incredible: Sure, you took him out. His attention was on me.
Elastigirl: A fact I exploited to do my job.
Mr. Incredible: My job, you mean.
Elastigirl: A simple thank you will suffice.
Mr. Incredible: Thanks, but I don’t need any help.
Elastigirl: Whatever happened to "ladies first"?
Mr. Incredible: Well, whatever happened to equal treatment?
Thief: Hey, look, the lady got me first....(he gets knocked out again by Elastigirl)
Elastigirl: Well, we could share, you know.
Mr. Incredible: I work alone.
Elastigirl: Well, I think you need to be more….flexible.
Mr. Incredible: Are you doing anything later?
Elastigirl: I have a previous engagement.
Mr. Incredible: [whistles]
[Later, Mr. Incredible handcuffs a thief]
Mr. Incredible: Now, you just stay here. They usually pick up the garbage in an hour.
(Then, Frozone is seen chasing a helicopter.)
Frozone: Hey, Incredible!
Mr. Incredible: Hey, Frozone!
Frozone: Shouldn’t you be getting ready?!
Mr. Incredible: I still got time.
[crowd screaming]
Woman: He’s gonna jump!
[Mr. Incredible looks up one of the tallest building's in the city, seeing a man named Oliver Sansweet on the edge. Mr. Incredible watches in horror as the man suddenly jumps off the building, falling down, with the crowd screaming magnified. He runs forward, and catches him just in time both crashing through one of the building's windows. In the background, the crowd's screams turn to cheers and applause]
Sansweet: I think you broke something.
Mr. Incredible: With counseling, I think you’ll come to forgive me. Wait a minute.
[He drags him to safety, and hears noises from the wall. He takes cover with the Seal Door, as a bomb explodes, leaving smoke and a hole in the wall. Bomb Voyage emerges from the hole.]
Mr. Incredible: [coughing] Bomb Voyage.
Bomb Voyage: Monsieur Incroyable! (Mr. Incredible!)
Incrediboy: And IncrediBoy!
Bomb Voyage: IncrediBoy?
Incrediboy: Hey, hey! Aren’t you curious about how I get around so fast? See? I have these rocket boots--
Mr. Incredible: Go home, Buddy.
Incrediboy: What?
Mr. Incredible: Now.
Bomb Voyage: Petit mufle va! (Little oaf!)
Incrediboy: Can we talk? You always say be true to yourself, but you never say which part of yourself to be true to. Well, I’ve finally figured out who I am. I am your ward…IncrediBoy!
Mr. Incredible: And now, you have officially carried it too far, Buddy.
Incrediboy: This is because I don’t have powers, isn’t it? Well not every superhero has powers, you know. You can be super without them. I invented these. I can fly. Can you fly?
Mr. Incredible: Fly home, Buddy. I work alone.
Bomb Voyage: Oui et ta tenue est complètement ridicule! (And your outfit is totally ridiculous!)
Incrediboy: Just give me one chance! I’ll show you. I’ll go get the police.
(Bomb Voyage throws a bomb on Incrediboy's cape.)
Mr. Incredible: Buddy, don’t!
Incrediboy: It’ll only take a second, really.
Mr. Incredible: No, STOP! There’s a bomb!
(Mr. Incredible runs up to Incrediboy and grabs his cape right before he takes off.)
Incrediboy: Let go! You’re wrecking my flight pattern! I can do this if you let go!
Mr. Incredible: Will you just…?! I’m trying to help! Stop!
Incrediboy: Let go of my cape!
[He does, as the bomb drops onto a train track below. It then explodes, destroying a huge chunk of the bridge. A train was approaching, and Mr. Incredible runs forward to it, stops, and lets the train hit his hands. The train does, as the passengers brutally get thrown forward, and the train slowly comes to a halt, almost falling down the bridge.]
Scene 4- Take Incrediboy Home
(After the incident, Mr. Incredible takes Incrediboy to the police for him to get dropped off.)
Mr. Incredible: Take this one home, and make sure his mom knows what he’s been doing.
Incrediboy: I can help you. You’re making a mista--- HEY! (gets shoved in)
Mr. Incredible: The injured jumper. You sent paramedics?
Police Officer: They’ve already picked him up.
Mr. Incredible: The blast in that building was caused by Bomb Voyage who I caught in the act robbing the vault. Now, we might be able to nab him if we set up a perimeter.
Police Officer: You mean he got away?
Mr. Incredible: Well, yeah. Skippy here made sure of that.
Incrediboy: INCREDIBOY!...
Mr. Incredible: You’re not affiliated with me! (checks watch) Holy smokes, I’m late. Listen, I’ve gotta be somewhere.
Police Officer: What about Bomb Voyage?
Mr. Incredible: Any other night, I’d go after him myself, but I really gotta go. But don’t worry. We’ll get him! Eventually!
(Mr. Incredible drives off)
Scene 5- We're Superheroes, What Could Happen?
Bob: Is the night still young?
Lucius: You’re very late.
Bob: How do I look? Good?
Lucius: Oh, the mask! You still got the mask. (He takes Bob's mask off.)
Bob: [cracks neck] Showtime. (He proceeds to enter the church.)
Priest: Robert Parr, will you have this woman to be your lawful wedded wife?
Helen: (whispering) You’re late. When you asked me if I was doing anything later, I didn’t realize you’d actually forgotten. I thought it was playful banter.
Bob: It was playful banter.
Helen: Cutting it kinda close, don’t you think?
Bob: You need to be more...flexible.
Helen: I love you, but if we’re gonna make this work, you’ve gotta be more than Mr. Incredible. You know that. Don’t you?
Priest: ...so long as you both shall live?
Bob: I do.
Priest: I pronounce this couple husband and wife.
[They kiss, as people are cheering and whistling. Gazerbeam, Stratogale, Dynaguy, Meta Man, Thunderhead, Edna and Rick Dicker can be seen for a few seconds clapping.]
Helen: As long as we both shall live. No matter what happens.
Bob: Hey, come on. We’re superheroes. What could happen?
[The screen switches to a news flash.]
Announcer: In a stunning turn of events, a superhero is being sued for saving someone who, apparently, didn’t want to be saved. The plaintiff, Oliver Sansweet, who was foiled in his attempted suicide by Mr. Incredible, has filed a suit against the famed superhero in Superior Court.
Sansweet’s Lawyer: Mr. Sansweet didn’t ask to be saved, Mr. Sansweet didn’t want to be saved! And the injury received from Mr. Incredible’s "action", so called, causes him daily pain!
Mr. Incredible: Hey, I saved your life!
Sansweet: You didn’t save my life, you ruined my death! That’s what you did...!
Mr. Incredible: Listen, you little piece of... [interrupted by his lawyer]
Mr. Incredible's Lawyer: My client has no further comment at this time.
Announcer: Five days later, another suit was filed by victims of the El Train accident. Incredible’s court losses costed the government millions, and opened the flood gates for dozens of superhero lawsuits the world over.
Judge: It is time for their secret identities to become their only identity. Time for them to join us, or go away.
Announcer: Under tremendous public pressure, and the crushing financial burden of an ever mounting series of lawsuits, the government quietly initiated the superhero relocation program. The Supers will be granted amnesty from responsibility for past actions, in exchange for the promise to never again resume hero work.
Announcer: Where are they now?
Announcer: They are living among us. Average citizens, average heroes. Quietly and anonymously continuing to make the world a better place.
Scene 6- New Life, New Job
(15 years later)
Mrs. Hogenson: Denied? You’re denying my claim? I don’t understand....I have full coverage!
Bob: I’m sorry, Mrs. Hogenson, but our liability is spelled out in paragraph 17. It states clearly-
Mrs. Hogenson: [stammering] I-I can’t pay for this!
[phone rings]
Bob: Excuse me. [answers phone] Claims, Bob Parr.
Helen: I’m calling to celebrate a momentous occasion. We’re now...officially moved in!
Bob: Yeah, well, that’s great, honey. And the last three years don’t count because...
Helen: Because I finally unpacked the last box. Now, it’s official. Ha, ha, ha! Why do we have so much junk?
Bob: Listen, honey, I’ve got a client.
Helen: Say no more. Go save the world one policy at a time, honey. Oh! I gotta go pick up the kids from school. See you tonight.
Bob: Bye, honey. (To Mrs. Hogenson) Excuse me. Where were we?
Mrs. Hogenson: [sobbing] I’m on a fixed income, and if you can’t help me, I don’t know what I’ll do. [blows nose loudly] [sobbing]
(Bob looks around the office to see if any one's paying attention to him.)
Bob: All right, listen closely. I’d like to help you, but I can’t. I’d like to tell you to take a copy of your policy to Norma Wilcox on...[whispering] Norma Wilcox. W-l-L-C-O-X. On the third floor, but I can’t. I also do not advise you to fill out and file a WS2475 form with our legal department on the second floor. I wouldn’t expect someone to get back to you quickly to resolve the matter. I’d like to help, but there’s nothing I can do.
Mrs. Hogenson: Oh, thank you, young man.
Bob: Shhh! [shouting] I’m sorry, ma’am! I know you’re upset! [whispering] Pretend to be upset.
(Mrs. Hogenson sobs away. Mr. Huph was coming)
Mr. Huph: ..….PAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRR!!!!!!
(He angrily throws some papers at Bob's desk, as he gets startled)
Mr. Huph: YOU AUTHORIZED PAYMENT ON THE WALKER POLICY?!?!?
Bob: Someone broke into their house, Mr. Huph. Their policy clearly covers....
Mr. Huph: I..I-I don’t wanna know about their coverage, Bob! Don’t tell me about their coverage! Tell me how you’re keeping Insuricare in the black! Tell me how that’s possible, with you writing checks to every Harry Hardluck and Sally Sobstory THAT GIVES YOU A PHONE CALL!!!!
(Mr. Huph angrily walks away)
PA Announcement: Morning break is over. Morning break is over.
Scene 7- Principal's Office
(Helen comes into the Principal's office.)
Principal: I appreciate you coming down here, Mrs. Parr.
Helen: What’s this about? Has Dash done something wrong?
Bernie: He’s a disruptive influence and he openly mocks me in front of the class.
Dash: He says.
Bernie: Look, I know it’s you! He puts thumb tacks on my stool.
Helen: You saw him do this?
Bernie: Well y-...not really...no. Actually, not.
Helen: Oh, then how do you know it was him?
Bernie: I hid a camera. (Dash gasps) And this time I got him.
(The footage shows Bernie heading to his seat and when he's about to sit down, for a couple of frames, Dash is seen running to the seat and back to his desk.)
Bernie: See? You see? (Helen and the principal try to see it) What, you don’t see it? (he sighs, and rewinds the tape)
Bernie: He moves! Right there! Wait, wait! (he rewinds again) Right…...there! Right as I'm sitting down! (as he said there, Dash flickered back to his desk on a split second) I don't know, I don’t know how he does it, but there’s no tack on my stool before he moves and after he moves, there’s a tack! Coincidence? I think NOT!
Principal: Uh...Bernie.....(he pats his shoulder)
Bernie: Don’t "Bernie" me... [screaming] THIS LITTLE RAT IS GUILTY!!!!!!!
Principal: You and your son can go now, Mrs. Parr. I’m sorry for the trouble.
Bernie: You’re letting him go again?! He’s guilty! You can see it on his smug little face!! GUILTY, I SAY, GUILTY!!!!!!!!! GUILTY, GUILTY!!!! NO!!!!!
(Dash and Helen ride in their car to Violet's school.)
Helen: Dash...this is the third time this year you've been sent to the office. We need to find a better outlet, a more...constructive outlet.
Dash: Maybe I could, if you’d let me go out for sports.
Helen: Honey, you know why we can’t do that.
Dash: I promise I’ll slow up. I’ll only be the best by a tiny bit.
Helen: Dashiell Robert Parr, you are an incredibly competitive boy, and a bit of a showoff. The last thing you need is temptation.
Dash: You always say, "Do your best", but you don’t really mean it. Why can’t I do the best that I can do?
Helen: Right now, honey, the world just wants us to fit in, and to fit in, we just gotta be like everybody else.
Dash: Dad always said our powers were nothing to be ashamed of. Our powers made us special.
Helen: Everyone’s special, Dash.
Dash: Which is another way of saying no one is.
(At Western View Junior High, Violet stands next to the stairs outside and Tony, her crush, walks out.)
Boy: Hey, Rydinger. Where you headed?
Girl: Hi, Tony.
Tony: Hey.
Boy: Hey, Tony, can I carry your books?
Tony: That’s kind of funny.
Boy 1: Hey, Tony, do you play football?
Boy 2: Tony, I thought we were gonna go swimming.
(Tony walks by Violet but when he turns around he doesn't see anyone. Confused, Tony walks away. Violet was invisible but her clothes were still visible. She becomes visible again.)
Violet: He looked at me.
[car horn honking]
Dash: Come on, Violet!
[Bob is on a interstate highway, heading home from Insuricare.]
[He slowly arrives with his under-sized hatchback. When he opens the door, he slips on a skate and leaves a finger crush on the door.]
Bob: [muttering] Darn kids. Sitting on the driveway. [He notices his finger crush on the door.] Oh, great.
(Bob attempts to shut the car door with increasing frustration. The third time he quickly throws it closed, only for the door window to crack and shatter. He loses his temper and lifts the car over his head, only to see a child on a tricycle staring at him. The child's bubblegum bubble pops. Bob puts the car down, and checks for the kid. And goes back in the house.)
Scene 8- Dinner Fight
(Everyone's eating at the dinner table while Helen feeds Jack-Jack.)
Dash: Mom. You’re making weird faces again.
Helen: Mmm…No, I'm not.
Bob: You make weird faces, honey.
Helen: Do you have to read at the table?
Bob: Uh-huh. Yeah.
(Helen spots Dash trying to take a bite out of steak without cutting it.)
Helen: Smaller bites, Dash. Yikes! Bob, could you help the carnivore cut his meat?
Dash: Ow.
(Bob comes over and cuts Dash a piece of steak.)
Helen: Dash, you have something you wanna tell your father about school?
Dash: [nervously] Uh, um, well, we dissected a frog.
Helen: Dash got sent to the office again.
Bob: [distracted] Good. Good.
Helen: No Bob, that's bad.
Bob: What?
Helen: Dash got sent to the office again.
Bob: What?! What for?
Dash: Nothing!
Helen: He put a tack on the teacher’s chair...during class.
Dash: Nobody saw me. You could barely see it on the tape.
Bob: They caught you on tape and you still got away with it? Whoa! You must have been booking. How fast do you think you were going?
Helen: Bob! We are not encouraging this.
Bob: I’m not encouraging, I’m just asking how fast...
Helen: Honey!
[Bob cuts through the plate and table, causing it to collapse]
Bob: Great. First the car, now I gotta pay to fix the table...
Helen: The car?! What happened to the car?
Bob: Here. I’m getting a new plate. [He gives Dash his plate and leaves angrily]
Helen: So, how about you, Vi? How was school?
Violet: Nothing to report.
Helen: You’ve hardly touched your food.
Violet: I’m not hungry for meatloaf.
Helen: Well, it is leftover night. We have steak, pasta. What are you hungry for?
Dash: Tony Rydinger.
Violet: Shut up!
Dash: Well, you are.
Violet: I said, SHUT UP, you little insect!
Dash: Well, she is!
Helen: Do not shout at the table! Honey!
Bob: (off screen) Kids! Listen to your mother!
(Helen sighs and the family goes back to eating dinner)
Dash: She’d eat if we were having "Tony loaf".
Violet: THAT'S IT!
[Violet jumps over the table and starts fighting with Dash]
Helen: Stop it!
(Dash starts running around the table hitting Violet every time he passes her.)
Dash: You’re gonna be toast!
Helen: Stop running in the house! You sit down!
(Violet puts a force field in front of Dash to stop him, laughing.)
Dash: OW! HEY!, NO FORCE FIELDS!
Violet: You started it.
(Helen then stretches her arms to grab Dash and Violet.)
Helen: You sit down! You sit down! Violet!
(Dash and Violet go under the table to fight with Helen’s arms still attached.)
Helen: Ow! Ow!
(In the kitchen, Bob gets another plate while still reading the newspaper.)
Bob: "Simon J. Paladino, longtime advocate of superhero rights, is missing." Gazerbeam.
Helen: (off screen) BOB, IT'S TIME TO ENGAGE! (back on screen) Do something! Don’t just stand there! I need you to...intervene!
Bob: You want me to intervene? Okay! I’m, I’M INTERVENING! [He picks up the table and Helen, with the kids still fighting.]
Helen: Dash, let go your sister! Violet, let go of your brother!
[The doorbell rings and everyone pauses.]
Jack Jack: Hello?
(They quickly go back to their original positions.)
Bob: Get the door!
[Dash runs over to answer the door.]
Dash: Hey, Lucius!
Lucius: Hey, Speedo! Hey, Helen. Vi, Jack-Jack.
[Dash runs back to his seat at the table while Helen quickly stops the light above the table from moving.]
Bob: He-hey! Ice of you to drop by.
Lucius: Ha! (sarcastically) Never heard that one before.
Dash [gargling]: Oh, Lucius! [He spits water in the air.]
Lucius: WHOA! [He freezes the spit shot and catches it.]
Dash: Aw...I like it when it shatters.
Bob: I’ll be back later.
(Bob gets up and heads to the door)
Helen: Hey, where are you two going?
Bob: It’s Wednesday.
Helen: Right. Bowling night. Say hello to Honey for me, Lucius.
Lucius: Will do, love. Good night, Helen. Good night, kids!
(Bob pushes Lucius out)
Helen: Don’t think you’ve avoided talking about your trip to the principal’s office, young man. Your father and I are still gonna discuss it.
Dash: I’m not the only kid who’s been sent to the office, you know.
Helen: Other kids don’t have superpowers. Now, it’s perfectly normal...
Violet: Normal? What do you know about normal!? What does ANYONE in this family know about normal?
Helen: Now, wait a minute, young lady.
Violet: We ACT normal, mom! I wanna BE normal! The only normal one is Jack-Jack! And he’s not even toilet trained! [Jack-Jack laughs]
Dash: Lucky... [Helen angrily looks at Dash] Oh, I meant about being normal.
Scene 9- Burning Building
Lucius: So now I’m in deep trouble. I mean, one more jolt of this death ray and I’m an epitaph. Somehow I managed to find cover and what does Baron Von Ruthless do?
Bob: He starts monologuing.
Lucius: He starts monologuing. He starts like this prepared speech about how feeble I am compared to him. How inevitable my defeat is, how the world will soon be his! Yada, yada, yada.
Bob: Yammering.
Lucius: Yammering! I mean, the guy has me on a platter, and he won’t shut up.
Police Radio: Municiberg, we have a 23-56...
Bob: 23-56, what is that? Robbery?
Lucius: This is just sad.
Bob: Yeah, robbery. Want to catch a robber?
Lucius: No. Tell you the truth, I’d rather go bowling. Look, what if we actually did what our wives think we’re doing? Just to shake things up.
[Meanwhile, on an undercover car....]
Mirage: He’s not alone. The fat guy’s still with him. They’re just talking.
[Back on Lucius's car]
Lucius: What are we doing here, Bob?
Bob: Protecting people.
Lucius: Nobody asked us.
Bob: You need an invitation?
Lucius: I’d like one, yes. We keep sneaking out to do this, and...you remember Gazerbeam?
Bob: Yeah. There was something about him in the paper.
Lucius: He had trouble adjusting to civilian life, too.
Bob: When’s the last time you saw him?
Lucius: I don’t see anyone from the old days, Bob. Just you. And we’re pushing our luck as it is.
Bob: Oh, come on, come on, come on...
Lucius: It was fun the first time, but if we keep doing this, we’re gonna get--
Police Radio: We have a report on a fire...
Bob: A fire. We’re close! [yelling] YEAH, BABY!!!!!
Lucius: We’re gonna get caught.
Bob: WHOOOHOO!!!
[Lucius reluctantly drives forward...]
Bob: FIRE! YEEEAHHH!!
[...as the undercover car follows them both.]
[The camera pans through the inside of a burning building, and then centers on Lucius and Bob, who are both carrying several people over their shoulders]
Lucius: Is that everybody!?
Bob: Yeah, that’s everyone!
Lucius: It better be. [He attempts to generate ice in vain)
Bob: Can’t you put this out?
Lucius: I can’t lay down a layer thick enough! It’s evaporating too fast!
Bob: Well, what’s that mean?!
Lucius: It MEANS it’s hot! And I’m dehydrated, Bob!
Bob: You’re out of ice?! You can’t run out of ice! I thought you can use water in the air!
Lucius: There IS no water in this air! What’s YOUR excuse, run out of muscle?!?
Bob: I can’t go through walls! The building’s getting weaker by the second! It’s gonna come down on top of us!
Lucius: I WANTED TO GO BOWLING!!
Bob: All right! Stay right on my tail! This is gonna get hot!
[Bob turns to his side and begins to run with Lucius following him. They crash through the side of the building into the building next to them. A second outside shot of the burning building shows it collapse.]
Bob: Yeah...
[But he realizes they’re in a jewelry store...]
Bob: Uh-oh.
[...and unknowingly trips the alarm on]
Bob [sarcastically]: Oh, good.
[Alarm sounds]
Lucius: Oh, no. That ain’t right.
[They both start arguing]
Lucius: We look like bad guys! Incompetent bad guys!
Bob: You can get water out of the air!
[Until an officer breaks in]
Police Officer: FREEZE!!!
[They do]
[Lucius, noticing a water container, picks up a paper cup and begins to fill it with water]
Police Officer: FREEZE!!!
Lucius: I'm thirsty.
Police Officer: I SAID FREEZE!!!
Lucius: I’m just getting a drink.
[He finishes the cup of water and then drops his hands to his sides]
Police Officer: Alright. You’ve had your drink. Now I want you to---
Lucius: (Holding up hands in mock surrender) I know. I know. FREEZE.
[He shoots a breeze of ice, freezing the officer and even the bullet]
[police radio chatter]
Police Radio: Shots fired!
Officers: POLICE OFFICERS!!
[They enter the building, guns drawn. One gasps and the others turn to look in his direction. The first officer is encased in ice, a bullet from his gun suspended in midair. Bob and Lucius had gotten away safely.]
Lucius: That was way too close. We are not doing that again.
Police Radio: Verify you want to switch targets? Over.
Mirage: Trust me. This is the one he’s been looking for.
